for creatures of the reef these currents
are both a challenge and an opportunity
they have to be securely anchored if
they're not to be swept away but the
flow of water brings a steady stream of
food the tiny particles of plankton are
snared by filter feeders each has its
own way of trapping them seemingly more
flamboyant and ingenious than the last
these Christmas tree worms
[Music]
filter feeders operate in all sorts of
ways some colorful some elegant some
downright bizarre sea squirts are simple
sacks with holes at the end
[Music]
a sea cucumber spreads a net of feathery
tentacles each in turn
transfers trapped food particles to a
central love
[Music]
a porcelain crab combs the current with
claws fringed with delicate hairs
but all these filter feeders have one
thing in common they rely on flowing
water to bring them food
[Music]